
SYNOPSIS
    upgrade [ --dumpkeys | --synchronize=migrator | --disconnectsource=migrator ] [ cachename | --all ]
    
DESCRIPTION 
    This command performs operations used during the rolling upgrade procedure.
    
ARGUMENTS 
    --dumpkeys 
        Performs the dump of all the keys in the cache to a known entry. It must be performed on the "source" cluster so that the "target" cluster can fetch the entire keyset efficiently to complete the synchronization operation
    --synchronize=migrator 
        Performs the synchronization of all data from the "source" cluster to the "target" cluster using the specified migrator. It must be performed on the "target" cluster after the --dumpkeys operation has been performed on the "source" cluster. The only migrator currently available is hotrod  which migrates entries between caches exposed via the HotRod remoting protocol.
    --disconnectsource=migrator 
        Disconnects the "target" cluster from the "source" cluster. This is performed in a migrator -specific way. After this operation has been performed the "source" cluster can be switched off
    --all 
        Specifies that the requested operation should be performed on all caches in the currently selected container
    cachename 
        (optional) the name of the cache on which to invoke the specified upgrade command. If unspecified, the currently selected cache will be used. See also the --all switch above

USAGE 
    In order to perform a rolling upgrade of a HotRod cluster, the following steps must be taken
    1. Configure and start a new cluster with a RemoteCacheStore pointing to the old cluster and the  hotRodWrapping flag enabled
    2. Configure all clients so that they will connect to the new cluster
    3. Invoke the  upgrade --dumpkeys command on the old cluster for all of the caches that need to be migrated
    4. Invoke the  upgrade --synchronize=hotrod command on the new cluster to ensure that all data is migrated from the old cluster to the new one
    5. Invoke the  upgrade --disconnectsource=hotrod command on the new cluster to disable the RemoteCacheStore used to migrate the data
    6. Switch off the old cluster 
